Hi, My name is Shashank Singh and I'm from Pune, Maharashtra. Currently I'm persuing my Bachelor's of Engineering in the field of 
Computer Science from GH Raisoni Academy of Engineering and Technology under Nagpur university. In 2014, I completed my schooling 
from St Vincent High school, under CBSE board.

Coming to my work experience, in 2017 I've had the opportunity to work of couple of projects for Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd, an 
India based multibillion dolor MNC. In 2016, I'd also interned for a tech company named ITNetworkz Pvt. Ltd. These projects 
provided me an excellent oppotunity to experience and learn about the coporate world and have helped me become more responsible,  
be a teamplayer and tought me about corporate professionalism . Apart from these, I also have completed certification courses on 
Java and Android app development.

I wish to join an innovative organisation that offers me a consistently positive atmosphere to learn new technologies and implement 
them for the betterment of the business. Since  my school life, I've been an active participant for various events organised in my 
school and college. I've hosted many formal and non-formal events and have also won many prizes in drawing contests including 
a national level Intermediate Drawing Grade Exam.

Coming to my family background, my family consists of two people, me and my mother. My mother is a business woman successfully 
running a service based company since last few years in 3 different cities.

So thank you for providing me this opportunity to present myself. If you think that I am someone who might a good fit for your 
organisation, then I'd love to hear from you. You may contact me at 8446284553 or mail me at shashanks.singh96@gmail.com. 
Also If you wish to look at my linkedin profile you may find it at linkedin.com/in/aquiver.
